fix: prerendered root +server.js endpoints use dynamic file extensions, warn user if not html (#14135)
sveltejs/kit: .changeset/puny-doodles-taste.md

---
'@sveltejs/kit': patch
---

> Endpoints pre-rendered at root (routes/+server.{js|ts}) generate index.{content-type extension}, i.e. index.json, index.txt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix: endpoints prerendered at the root path (`routes/+server.{js|ts}`) use the correct file extension in the filename based on the content-type header returned (i.e. index.json for application/json)
```
